hi it's Andrew here for Metro 3 online
with a quick product review of the cyber
blue Bluetooth stereo headphones they're
designed to be used with any Bluetooth
enabled device so we're talking iPad
Galaxy Tab products iPhone iPod Touch
etc so any device that has any of that
Bluetooth capability these headphones
will pair up and you'll be able to
listen to your music wirelessly and at
the same time you'll be able to take
calls if you are using a mobile phone
Packaging is is there so a nice little
pack I don't necessarily going to go
through all the specs today but they are
available on our website just what the
cover off I guess what they look like
they fold up really really snugly pretty
much can fit in the palm of your hand
and I've been using these last week or
so just to test out which is what we
normally do here when we get new
products in and I've been throwing these
in the back of my pocket and popping off
the train and unfolding them like such
so you've got the swing arms there at
the side throwing them on the back of my
head and in the way I go you have the
the built-in music functions here so
you've got the choice of using your
device your iPhone for example to adjust
volume and switch tracks but you can
also use functions here built into the
device to skip tracks and to alternate
volume and that sort of thing there the
bit button in the middle there is to
take calls so you just basically you'll
get a beep to say your calls coming give
that up give that a bit of a click and
don't do microphone will allow you to
take calls one of the questions we get
asked a lot is to do with pairing the
device and it's relatively
straightforward there's a USB cable
attached in here so the first thing
you'll do is charge these up either from
your laptop or by the wall once they're
charged will then switch the product on
so I'm just pressing the button down
here for about nine six seven eight
seconds you'll see it flashing the first
flash we'll see there was just a blue
flash but then what we wanting to do is
just wait for the red and the blue to
alternate and that basically means it's
ready to go
it wants to be paired with the device so
it's a rope - we're going into settings
my samsung media player I should say
Network Bluetooth and we're going to
scan it's the BS h 10 we're looking for
and you can see I've already been using
it but let's pick that up
it's connected so there we go you might
get a message depending on your device
thing would you like to pair with this
particular device and there you go it's
ready to go play your music etc thanks
for your time just thought I wanted to
spend a couple of minutes with you to go
through them and talk to you soon bye